Add Network Profiling for Service Mesh DP instance and K8s pod panels. (#9536)
apache/skywalking: docs/en/setup/backend/backend-k8s-network-monitoring.md

# Kubernetes Network monitoring

> SkyWalking leverages [SkyWalking Rover](https://github.com/apache/skywalking-rover) [network profiling feature](https://github.com/apache/skywalking-rover/blob/main/docs/en/setup/configuration/profiling.md#network) for collecting metrics data from the network. SkyWalking Rover converts data from socket data to metrics using eBPF technology.

Reviewer: Please link to `skywalking.apache.org` doc page.

## Data flow

> 1. SkyWalking OAP server saves which specific k8s pod needs to monitor network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. SkyWalking OAP server observes which specific k8s pod needs to monitor the network.
```

> 2. SkyWalking Rover collects tasks from SkyWalking OAP server and executes them, and converts the network data into metrics send to the backend service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. SkyWalking Rover receives tasks from SkyWalking OAP server and executes them, and converts the network data into metrics send to the backend service.
```

> 3. The SkyWalking OAP Server access to K8s's `API Server` gets meta info and parses the expression with [MAL](../../concepts-and-designs/mal.md) to filter/calculate/aggregate and store the results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. The SkyWalking OAP Server accesses K8s's `API Server` to fetch meta info and parses the expression with [MAL](../../concepts-and-designs/mal.md) to aggregate.
```
